A character mod for Slay the Spire 2. Contains 88 total cards, 3 potions, 10 relics, barely any VFX work and some very scrunkled programmer art. Here's my character mechanics & playstyle breakdown:

The Sorceress is a fragile but high-damage character that fights with a combination of powerful sorceries and cunning, roguish tricks. Gaining **Combat Advantage** allows her to amplify the damage of her attacks, and building **Charisma** boosts the power of her HP-draining magic and her explosive **Sorceries**, which can **Prime** enemies to increase the damage they take from all attacks for the rest of the turn. She can Exhaust cards out of her Hand and Discard Pile to push her magic beyond its limits, but **Subtle** tricks can surprise enemies on their way out of her deck, and some of her cards can **Shadowdance** their way back into play after exhaustion. Quick and dexterous **Sleights** offer card selection and hand manipulation, but they work best when the enemy is distracted; each one you play increases the cost of all Sleights for the rest of the turn. And when all else fails and her back is against the wall, she can still hold her own with her straightforward, reliable **Two-Weapon** combat techniques.

This is a very early playtest build, and I'm most interested right now in fixing bugs and refining the gameplay. Please give it a try and tell me what you think and any issues you run into! There's going to be a lot I already know there's going ot be a lot.

**Installation instructions:**
First off, you'll need to install BaseLib: https://github.com/Alchyr/BaseLib-StS2

Grab the release from that link, create a mods folder in the main Slay the Spire 2 directory, and put the files inside there. Then you'll want to grab the files from this release and do the same thing. I'd recommend making seperate folders for different mods but I think it's not actually necessary?

Once you've done that, Slay the Spire 2 will automatically launch in its modded configuration, which has a separate save file from the regular umodded game. You can migrate your save file over but there's kind of a process to it you'll have to look up. Baselib enables the console so you can just press ` and type unlock all if you want.

**You need to be on the beta branch to use this mod.** That's very important. The beta branch has a bunch of code changes compared to the main branch and it'll break everything if you try to play on main branch. So switch to the beta branch first.

I've included support for parchmentEngineer's [More Neow](https://github.com/parchmentEngineer/MoreNeow/releases/tag/v1.0.2) mod in the form of a custom Uncanny Deckbox that has a different set of starter cards to play with. So long as you have both mods installed, you should be able to get the Deckbox from Neow and play with the new cards. However, **More Neow must come before this mod in your mod load order**. You can edit your load order by finding Slay the Spire 2's appdata folder (that's the appdata folder, **not** the main game folder in the Steam program folder; if you don't know where to find that, on Windows you can press the windows key + R and type "%APPDATA%\SlayTheSpire2\steam\" into the prompt). Under steam/[bunch of numbers] you'll find a file called settings.save. Open that up with a text editor, scroll down to the mod_list section, and make sure More Neow's entry comes before The Sorceress Mod's so the deckbox will show up.
